`Slider` tooltip styling (#1398)
iTwin/stratakit: apps/website/src/content/docs/components/mui/Slider.md

## StrataKit MUI modifications

- The `color` prop is not supported.

> - The `valueLabel` adopts the same visual styling as [`Tooltip`](tooltip) by reusing its class names.

Reviewer: Always use full paths in links (excluding the `/docs/` prefix which is added during build).

```suggestion
- The `valueLabel` adopts the same visual styling as [`Tooltip`](/components/tooltip) by reusing its class names.
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/iTwin/stratakit/pull/1398/commits/4b0bffcb6e3ebf06760b2d624bbe2faac9a482ee.

> - The `valueLabel` matches the visual styling of [`Tooltip`](/components/tooltip) by applying the `MuiTooltip-tooltip` class name.

Reviewer 2: - No need to mention implementation details?
EDIT: nvm, I see https://github.com/iTwin/stratakit/pull/1398/changes#r3081198752
- `valueLabel` is not a prop either, should clarify that's a slot or just use "value label"
- We could include "when enabled via https://mui.com/material-ui/api/slider/#slider-prop-valueLabelDisplay"

```suggestion
- The value label matches the visual styling of [`Tooltip`](/components/tooltip).
```

Reviewer: Could link to the dedicated section below.

```suggestion
- The [value label](#tooltip) matches the visual styling of [`Tooltip`](/components/tooltip) by applying the `MuiTooltip-tooltip` class name.
```

Author: @GerardasB, I left the second half of that sentence because https://github.com/iTwin/stratakit/pull/1398#discussion_r3081198752 requested to explicitly call out the class name in case the user overrides & needs to re-apply it.

::example{src="mui/Slider.range" min-width="300px"}

### Tooltip

> Use the `valueLabelDisplay` prop to show a tooltip near the **Slider** handle for more precise selection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `valueLabelDisplay` prop to show a tooltip near the **Slider** thumb for more precise selection.
```
